- With what accuracy can the vertical translation of a sensor on bridge 705 be
  predicted without temperature effect based on regression of previous year's
  responses with air temperature and 24 daily samples?

Temperature may cause a temporary change in vertical translation. A model =T=
based on a number of variables such as air temperature can be built in order to
predict the effect of temperature on a structure. However in this problem domain
generating data via simulation is necessary, and so the model =T= must be used
instead to simulate the effect of temperature, and of course the same model =T=
cannot simply be used to predict and remove the simulated effect. To convince
ourselves that removal of the temperature effect would work in real life, a
simple and robust technique should be used. After removal of the temperature
effect what remains is the effect due to live load and additional effects as
seen in Figure A.

Removing the temperature effect from a number of sensors based on regression of
the previous year's responses against air temperature measurements CITE, and
fitting a curve to 24 samples taken in a 24 hour cycle CITE, the mean effect
that was not removed due to temperature is 18% for the sensor at $x = 21 m, z =
0.84 m$ and N % for the sensor at S.

- What sensor threshold value is appropriate to trigger warnings when pier 5 of
  bridge 705 is settled by $3 mm$? (**Q.2**)?

The tensile strength of concrete is $\approx 3 \frac{N}{mm^2}$. Stresses will
occur on the bridge due to a number of different effects. Based on Figure F, the
combination of live load, temperature effect on the hottest day of the year, and
pier settlement of $5 mm$, a tensile strength of $\approx 2.5$ will already be
reached. All concrete will crack and this model does not include a number of
additional effects such as dead load which may incur additional stresses,
therefore $3 mm$ is chosen as a value slightly which is large enough to warrant
a warning but unlikely to cause large damage.

A single sensor (Figure G) is chosen in the vicinity of pier 5. Two time series
of responses from July to December are generated, one time series with pier 5
settled by $3 mm$ and one time series when bridge 705 is still in healthy state.
A small sensor threshold value is chosen and the number of days on which each
sensor is triggered is recorded. When the healthy time series triggers a sensor
this is considered a false positive and when the pier settled time series does
not trigger a warning this is considered a false negative. The sensor threshold
must be increased to determine at which point the true classifications are
maximized and the false classifications are minimized. When the threshold is too
small there will be many false positives and when the threshold is too large
there will be many false negatives.

- What is the minimum amount of pier settlement that can be detected for pier 5
  based on the same sensor as in the previous experiment before classification
  accuracy drops below 90%?

Building upon the previous experiment but repeating it for decreasing values of
pier settlement, then at some point it will no longer be possible to select a
sensor threshold value that will trigger warnings due to pier settlement but not
trigger warnings due to live load and temperature effect. In this experiment a
lower limit of 90% classification accuracy is selected and we investigate at
what level of pier settlement can this classification accuracy no longer be
achieved.

- To what extent does the ability to predict the vertical translation change
  due to pier settlement change across bridge 705?

The effect of temperature is not uniform across the bridge, instead temperature
will affect..., to think through a bit more...

- Can the change in sensor responses that occurs due to cracking be detected?

Generate multiple time series of responses, and apply the crack at a random
point in the time series, the crack is assumed to occur instantly. At each
minute in the simulation a comparative measure is calculated between the last
minute and third last minute of responses. What value of the comparative measure
maximizes the accuracy at each minute when the measure is calculated, and what
is that accuracy?
